Adding MB limitations to documentation (#1445)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/daal4py/model-builders.rst

  reg.fit(X, y)
  d4p_predt = GBTDAALRegressor.convert_model(reg).predict(X)

Limitations
------------------

> Model Buildes does support only base inference with prediction and probabilities prediction at this point and functioanlity will be extended going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model Builders support only base inference with prediction and probabilities prediction. The functionality is to be extended.
```

> Therefore, there are following limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, there are the following limitations:
```

> This means thet there are following limitations exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, there are following limitations:
```

Reviewer: Add a blank line after this one to make a bulleted list.

> - Categorical features are not supported for conversion and prediction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The categorical features are not supported for conversion and prediction. 
```

> - Categorical features are not supported during training and prediction

Reviewer 2: I guess, we shouldn't mention training in context of model builders.

> - Multioutput models are not supported for conversion and prediction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The multioutput models are not supported for conversion and prediction.
```

> - Tree SHAP calculations are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The tree SHAP calculations are not supported.
```
